[RoBERTa] Minor clarifications to model doc (#31949)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/roberta.md

## Usage tips

- This implementation is the same as [`BertModel`] with a minor tweak to the embeddings, as well as a setup
  for RoBERTa pretrained models.
- RoBERTa has the same architecture as BERT but uses a byte-level BPE as a tokenizer (same as GPT-2) and uses a
  different pretraining scheme.
- RoBERTa doesn't have `token_type_ids`, so you don't need to indicate which token belongs to which segment. Just
  separate your segments with the separation token `tokenizer.sep_token` (or `</s>`).
- RoBERTa is similar to BERT but with better pretraining techniques:

    * Dynamic masking: tokens are masked differently at each epoch, whereas BERT does it once and for all.
    * Sentence packing: Sentences are packed together to reach 512 tokens (so the sentences are in an order that may span several documents).
    * Larger batches: Training uses larger batches.
    * Byte-level BPE vocabulary: Uses BPE with bytes as a subunit instead of characters, accommodating Unicode characters.

> - [CamemBERT](camembert) is a wrapper around RoBERTa. Refer to that page for usage examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CamemBERT](camembert) is a wrapper around RoBERTa. Refer to its model page for usage examples.
```
